# odin-recipes
<p>01/02/22: it is currently 19:37:51 i am setting up my readme.md file for my odin-recipes project. it will be used to create a crude webpage that will consist of a web index page which will contain links to several recipes. this project will be used to build my html skills and in the future i will return to this project when it has been completed to style it up using css. i will attempt to update this file as often as possible throughtout this project to create a timeline of events that can track my progress of what i did and when i did it when looking back.</p>
<p>19:55 i have begun the assignment after an overview of git basics and completing iteration 1: initial structure i will be reuming iteration 2: recipe tomorrow. for now i will leave it there.</p>
<p>08/02/22: it is currently 19:06 i have just completed iteration 2: recipe page. i will save locally and onto the repository.</p>
<p>22/02/22: just wanted to input atleast something on this project as it has been a couple weeks. more to follow. first task of iteration 3 complete.</p>
<p>02/03/22: completed chocolate chip pancakes recipe page, now i wil set up 2 more pages to be worked on for the assignment. i have given the two new recipe pages some basic structure and will contiue tomorrow morning</p>
<p>03/03/22: completed chicken pot pie recipe. only thing now on that is for the portion size such as 1/3 it shows as full size on web browser and not minimised like the actual recipe page. i am not sure if i should leave it for now as i will probably discover how to change it when i get to css and can make the alterations then. i think for now i will leave them as they are and once i have gone through css i can return to this project and update them to style and size them. i have also added a picture to odin recipes home page.all three recipe pages are complete so this project can be marked as completed. i am opting not to make mine public as can be done following recommended instructions below projectect criteria.</p>
